index.rst, before:

.. Machine Learning Meets Python documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. highlight:: python

機械学習の Python との出会い
============================

.. only:: not latex

   **Machine Learning Meets Python**

.. only:: not latex

   :著者:
       `神嶌 敏弘 (Toshihiro Kamishima) <http://www.kamishima.net/>`_
   :リリース:
       |release|

.. only:: html and not epub

   * ダウンロード用 [ `PDF版 </archive/mlmpyja.pdf>`_ ] [ `ePub版 </archive/mlmpyja.epub>`_ ]
   * ソースレポジトリ [ https://github.com/tkamishima/mlmpy ]

.. only:: not latex

   目次
   ----

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   intro
   nbayes1/index
   ack

.. only:: not latex

   索引
   ----
   
.. only:: not latex

   * :ref:`genindex`
   * :ref:`search`

.. if todo_include_todos is True in conf.py, generate a ToDo list.

.. todolist::

Commit message:

hide search page in epub

index.rst, after:

.. Machine Learning Meets Python documentation master file, created by
   sphinx-quickstart.
   You can adapt this file completely to your liking, but it should at least
   contain the root `toctree` directive.

.. highlight:: python

機械学習の Python との出会い
============================

.. only:: not latex

   **Machine Learning Meets Python**

.. only:: not latex

   :著者:
       `神嶌 敏弘 (Toshihiro Kamishima) <http://www.kamishima.net/>`_
   :リリース:
       |release|

.. only:: html and not epub

   * ダウンロード用 [ `PDF版 </archive/mlmpyja.pdf>`_ ] [ `ePub版 </archive/mlmpyja.epub>`_ ]
   * ソースレポジトリ [ https://github.com/tkamishima/mlmpy ]

.. only:: not latex

   目次
   ----

.. toctree::
   :maxdepth: 2

   intro
   nbayes1/index
   ack

.. only:: html and not epub

   索引
   ----

   * :ref:`genindex`
   * :ref:`search`

.. only:: epub

   * :ref:`genindex`

.. if todo_include_todos is True in conf.py, generate a ToDo list.

.. todolist::
